OS Requirements, All Security Rules
Logon, OS Requirements
V-38484 The operating system, upon successful logon, must display to the user the date and time of the last logon or access via ssh.The operating system, upon successful logon, must display to the user the date and time of the last logon or access via ssh.The operating system, upon successful logon, must display to the user the date and time of the last logon or access via ssh.
V-51875 The operating system, upon successful logon/access, must display to the user the number of unsuccessful logon/access attempts since the last successful logon/access.The operating system, upon successful logon/access, must display to the user the number of unsuccessful logon/access attempts since the last successful logon/access.The operating system, upon successful logon/access, must display to the user the number of unsuccessful logon/access attempts since the last successful logon/access.
Network and Connections, OS Requirements
V-38490 The operating system must enforce requirements for the connection of mobile devices to operating systems.The operating system must enforce requirements for the connection of mobile devices to operating systems.The operating system must enforce requirements for the connection of mobile devices to operating systems.
V-38512 The operating system must prevent public IPv4 access into an organizations internal networks, except as appropriately mediated by managed interfaces employing boundary protection devices.
V-38553 The operating system must prevent public IPv6 access into an organizations internal networks, except as appropriately mediated by managed interfaces employing boundary protection devices.
V-38560 The operating system must connect to external networks or information systems only through managed IPv4 interfaces consisting of boundary protection devices arranged in accordance with an organizational security architecture.
V-38551 The operating system must connect to external networks or information systems only through managed IPv6 interfaces consisting of boundary protection devices arranged in accordance with an organizational security architecture.
Unauthorized Changes/Software, OS Requirements
V-38670 The operating system must detect unauthorized changes to software and information.
V-38673 The operating system must ensure unauthorized, security-relevant configuration changes detected are tracked.
V-38696 The operating system must employ automated mechanisms, per organization defined frequency, to detect the addition of unauthorized components/devices into the operating system.
V-38698 The operating system must employ automated mechanisms to detect the presence of unauthorized software on organizational information systems and notify designated organizational officials in accordance with the organization defined frequency.
V-38700 The operating system must provide a near real-time alert when any of the organization defined list of compromise or potential compromise indicators occurs.
Backups, OS Requirements
V-38486 The operating system must conduct backups of system-level information contained in the information system per organization defined frequency to conduct backups that are consistent with recovery time and recovery point objectives.The operating system must conduct backups of system-level information contained in the information system per organization defined frequency to conduct backups that are consistent with recovery time and recovery point objectives.
V-38488 The operating system must conduct backups of user-level information contained in the operating system per organization defined frequency to conduct backups consistent with recovery time and recovery point objectives.The operating system must conduct backups of user-level information contained in the operating system per organization defined frequency to conduct backups consistent with recovery time and recovery point objectives.
V-38520 The operating system must back up audit records on an organization defined frequency onto a different system or media than the system being audited.The operating system must back up audit records on an organization defined frequency onto a different system or media than the system being audited.
Audit, OS Requirements
V-38521 The operating system must support the requirement to centrally manage the content of audit records generated by organization defined information system components.
V-38628 The operating system must produce audit records containing sufficient information to establish the identity of any user/subject associated with the event.
V-38632 The operating system must produce audit records containing sufficient information to establish what type of events occurred.
V-38631 The operating system must employ automated mechanisms to facilitate the monitoring and control of remote access methods.
V-38531 The operating system must automatically audit account creation.
V-38534 The operating system must automatically audit account modification.
V-38536 The operating system must automatically audit account disabling actions.
V-38538 The operating system must automatically audit account termination.
Securing Data, OS Requirements
V-38659 The operating system must employ cryptographic mechanisms to protect information in storage.The operating system must employ cryptographic mechanisms to protect information in storage.
V-38662 The operating system must employ cryptographic mechanisms to prevent unauthorized disclosure of data at rest unless otherwise protected by alternative physical measures.The operating system must employ cryptographic mechanisms to prevent unauthorized disclosure of data at rest unless otherwise protected by alternative physical measures.
V-38661 The operating system must protect the confidentiality and integrity of data at rest.
Inactivity, OS Requirements
V-38694 The operating system must manage information system identifiers for users and devices by disabling the user identifier after an organization defined time period of inactivity.
